yo what's going on guys it's a sin aka
vicious 274 coming at you with another
review from my good buddies at Roswell
skateboards now this one's going to be a
little different it is on fingerboard
products want the fingerboard accessory
actually if you haven't been to Roswell
skateboards go check out their website
down here they've got a lot of amazing
products including this one it is called
the Rocket rack now if you haven't seen
this before and you're wondering what it
is it actually is a rack for all your
setups it's got little roswell sticker
on both sides you can get it in a
variety of colors I got the yellow one I
believe the one display on the website
is red now this bad boy is only twelve
ninety-five it's made of plastic and
it's got little Center in there now the
grooves are on a decline so you can
stick your deck in now the good thing
about this is that you can either put
just decks that aren't set up or you can
put decks that have trucks and wheels in
them there's enough space in between
each setting to put completes or non
completes now this holds two four six
eight decks on this rocket ramp it's
it's perfectly fine i'm gonna try to
hold it here on my hand it won't tip
over I've already put a whole bunch of
decks on it but i want to show you liked
this show you guys can see what it looks
like without the decks but when you put
all the decks on it and place it on
whatever council you want to put it on
your desk wherever it sets just fine now
also want to let you guys know about
some new fingerboard molds that Roswell
skateboards is making and they were cool
enough to send me to other new molds now
they come in all different I believe six
different types of exotics this one here
is mahogany and this one here is
cheering now the locker on these boards
as you can see is insane very smooth now
these graphics are stickers so if you
want
keep them on you can I think they look
pretty cool and or if you're not you can
just take them off now I put one down
for a second because i want to show you
here how he kind of shames out the the
mounting area so instead of just having
a king pin hole he actually shaves out
the whole bottom part so you can mount
your trucks now I didn't set these up
because i want to show you that feature
of the deck but these decks are so good
that i was able to actually kick flip
with this deck the way that it is
actually both of the decks i was able to
do it no grip tape no wheels or trucks a
nice clean kickflip part of the reason
is because they have higher kicks now
the the one that he sent me with the
cherry is the believe yes it has the
higher kicks so you can get high kicks
like that and it's also got medium
concave and then this one the kicks are
a little lower so the more medium now
with both these decks the nose is
steeper than the tail which will help a
lot with your shirts believe me and
these are only 1995 for each deck and
they are solid now it looks to me like
they're about five plies and I always
try this but it never shows and I start
about that but you can really see the
nice concave there you go and the case
it's got a really nice shape compared to
their first mold I really like these
decks a lot those are the higher kicks
so now I'm going to show you how you
could put these on you can I put them on
this way so the graphic is facing down
or you can put it this way so the
graphic is facing up and then you put
another one up here and then a whole
bunch of the other sides it actually
looks pretty decent when its all full of
decks so guys go check out Roswell
skateboards I'll put the website again
down here at the bottom they've got
decks they've got rocket ramps they've
got grip
they've got obstacles he even has a park
a portable park so go check that out
portable fingerboard park its first time
I've ever seen that so Roswell
skateboards information will be down
here go check them out wicked products
wicked prices and keep fingerboarding
two fingers peace